Good evening, family. Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today. Well, I
have some things on my heart and I
appreciate every single one of you
coming out so late this evening. But as
I've been praying this afternoon,
driving around like I normally do,
the Lord had some things to say
concerning what's coming. And so, I was just
interceding for the nations, like
my wife and I do, and our kids.
He opened my eyes and he said, "I want
to show you some things that are coming.
It's very
serious."And
so, I'm going to go into that for
you, but first, I want to show you what
we stopped. I believe in prayer. You
know, it's amazing when we come
together as a body; many hands make
light work. And so, I want to play this
video for you because I believe this
video is a result of our prayer
group here. You know, I know there's
other people praying, folks, but I
believe we have a great push
as a body with as many as assembled here
together. I mean, there's thousands. I
mean, the last video we had over 50,000
people praying within that two-hour
period. We had almost 300
salvations, and we give all the glory
to God with that. We started a new
week now, but in last week, we had over
1,500 people get born again on this
channel, and so it made me really
excited. I told Braden, I said, "We
are making... you know, like when
you see those ice breakers going through
there, we're busting the ice."And so,
nobody lost their life. And in the
article, when you read about that,
they lit the fuse underneath that news
vehicle and it didn't go off.
It didn't go off. So, it's faulty. So,
that's the hand of God. We see the hand
of God in motion protecting our people
even whenever they may not even realize
that they're being protected. Angels
unaware. And I just want to
give all the glory to
God tonight. It's something to
rejoice over because we can see prayers
working. So, another thing,
this is what the Lord was showing me
because I just wanted to recap and show
you that, because there were some people
that sent that to me and I was just
excited about it. I just believe that
was in Utah. So, and we know there's
much, much more. We know by the spirit of
God that there's much, much more people
just like this that we're going to pray
that their plans
would be foiled, that the darkness would
be exposed, that the light would shine,
and that God would get the glory for
protecting the people in these last days.
I told you, if you are in that area,
if you're in these areas, that you go
around pleading the blood of Jesus,
applying the blood, going down the
streets, praying protection
over your city. And I believe as we do
this as a body, according to Ephesians,
that we are seated with him in
the heavenlies far above all
principalities and powers. I believe
that if we take our place of authority,
we will stop more and more
of things like this in the days ahead.
So, it's exciting because the Lord told
me, "You must pray for Chicago."Chicago is
a hotspot
right now.
Chicago, Boston,
Philadelphia, New York City, and
Washington, D.C. Not saying that these
other places are not a hotspot, but
there's strategic things that the Lord
showed me about these five cities that
I cannot go into publicly. It
just... yeah, I'm just never
going to do that right now. So, I
just want you to be really... have your
eyes open if you live in those areas and
praying over your city on a day-to-day
basis. And so, we know that the
dark is getting darker and the light is
getting lighter. Now, this is what I saw
today and I'm going to get into it and
I'll go over the things that the Lord
showed me. And like I said, I'll try to
keep this as short as possible, but I
want you to hear this lady that's about
to speak over... I believe it's the...
it's not the United Nations. I don't
know what this is, but she spoke and
she's saying exactly what we got in
prayer.
State of the Union.
The State of the Union. So, this is a
State of the Union...
Yeah,
yeah. So, go ahead and play this lady.
And she's, I guess, some kind of boss or
something. I don't know who she is, but
she says what we're praying
about and what the Lord told us they
were going to say. So, I want you to hear
part of this. There was part of it that
was
alarming. Needless to say, it
was pretty bad. But just play this. Can
you play some of it? Son.
Honorable members.
What is happening in Gaza
has shaken the conscience of the world.
People killed while begging for food.
Mothers holding lifeless babies.
These images are simply catastrophic.
So, I want to start with a very clear
message:
man-made famine can never be a weapon of
war. For the sake of the children, for
the sake of humanity, this must stop.
This is also part of a more systematic
shift in the last month that is simply
unacceptable.
We have seen the financial suffocation
of the Palestinian Authority.
The plans for settlement project in the
so-called E1 area which would easily cut
off the occupied West Bank from East
Jerusalem, the actions and statements by
the most extremist ministers of the
Israeli government which incite
violence. All of this points to a clear
attempt to undermine the two-state
solution, to undermine the vision of a
viable Palestinian state. And we must
not let this happen.
And honorable members, it truly pains me
to say these words. And I know that for
many citizens, Europe's inability to
agree on a common way forward is equally
painful.
They are asking how much worse things
must get before there is unity in
response. I understand
because what is happening in Gaza is
unacceptable
and because Europe must lead the way,
just as it has done before.
Our financial support and humanitarian
aid far outweigh that of any other
partner. Our commitment to a viable
Palestinian Authority is keeping the
two-state solution alive and we must
urge others to urgently step up, both
in the region and beyond.
But of course, Europe needs to do more.
Many,
many member states have moved ahead on
their own. On our side, we proposed to
suspend parts of our Horizon funding,
but this is stuck without a majority.
We must overcome this. We cannot afford
to be paralyzed.
And this is why I will propose a package
of measures to carve out a way forward.
First,
the Commission will do all that it can
do on its own.
We will put our bilateral support to
Israel on hold.
We will stop all payments in these areas
without affecting our work with Israeli
civil society or
Yad
Vashem.
We will make two further proposals to
the council.
We will propose sanctions on the
extremist ministers and on violent
settlers,
and we will also propose a partial
suspension of the Association Agreement
on trade-related matters.
I am aware it will be difficult to find
majorities
and I know that any action will be too
much for one and too little for others.
But we must all take our own
responsibility:
Parliament,
council, Commission.
My third point:
we will set up a Palestine donor group
next month, including a dedicated
instrument for Gaza reconstruction.
This...
you basically get the gist of what's
going on. I don't need to keep
rehearsing everything that the woman's
saying and what they want to do. But
it's what the Lord told us was coming.
Everything that she's saying in front of
all those people, and they're applauding,
is a two-state solution. They're
coming up with a plan for a two-state
solution for the week... I believe that
we'll see it unfolding in the days ahead
even more, for the week of the 21st,
23rd, the main week of the UN.
And this is what they voted on on the
11th for a two-state solution to
divide the land of Israel, recognizing
Palestine as a state. And so, we see the
things that the Lord told us were coming
in prayer on this channel months ago
and it's happening. And that's why the
Lord told us, he said, "September will be a
month to remember, a great
acceleration."Watch
the fig tree, which is Israel.
Watch these things in the days ahead.
And he warned us, and this
is a major speech going forth in front
of all these people about how to defund
it, how to defund Israel, not giving
them, doing all these things, and
causing—talking
about a two-state solution.
Well, in prayer today, as I was driving
around, I saw—remember, I told you I
saw, this would be sensitive to talk
about, but I saw out of the Berlin area, I
saw a swastika coming up out of the sky
that looked like a Batman signal and it
started to glow in the air. Well,
when I was interceding on behalf of
this, I was like, 'Lord, what is this?
Why did you show this to me?'He started
to show me what this represented and
what is going on. I saw satanic people,
the occult, that were having satanic
practices in these areas, summoning
the old Hitler spirit, that demonic
spirit that was attached to Hitler.
They were summoning it by witchcraft.
And I saw actual human sacrifice that
was taking place around an altar with a
big pentagram on it. And the Lord
showed me these elitist people,
this
group of people that were doing these
practices,
summoning the
demonic spirit that was on Hitler to
come on a new entity
to rise up war and ethnic cleansing.
A new wave of anti-Semitism
is coming in a way that we've never seen
before
in this generation.
And as I saw these satanic practices
taking place when I was praying, I saw
CERN,
and there were things that were attached
to the hydrogen collider and
CERN. And as they were sending
up the Batman signal of the swastika, it
was in the spirit realm. What
the Batman symbol represented in the
comic books and what we know is that was
what brought Batman to that area. It was
his alert. 'We need that. We need Batman, right?'So
the
Batman symbol went up in the
air. So this was a swastika that went up
in the air, and it was black, white, and
red around it, and it went up as a Batman
symbol over the area of Europe.
And the Lord showed me that they were
summoning
in the spirit a demonic
wave of a Hitler-type spirit in
Europe—this
occult practice.
As I was praying, I could see
an uprising of anarchy in France
like we've not seen before,
as he was the forerunner
paving the way
as like the boss of a two-state
solution. I told you he would till the
ground. He would till the ground and get
it ready for the Antichrist to take
over. That he was the Ishmael. A lot
of people believe he's the Isaac. That
he would be the one
that—you
know, there's always an Ishmael. Before
the Isaac, there's the Ishmael. He's the
Ishmael. The Isaac is being groomed in
the back of a curtain, being
groomed by demonic spirits. And I saw
the Isaac, and they call him
the
Mahdi.
He's not on the scene yet to the point
where what we see of the Ishmael.
He'll till the ground. He's getting it
ready. He's getting it ready for the
Antichrist to take over in the days
ahead.
But the Lord showed me great civil
unrest coming in Europe.
And I'll play you some of the clips that
are just the beginning
right now. Do you have it? Can you do
it?
This is what's happening in France, I
guess, this week.
If you live in France and you can verify
this, we'd appreciate it. But from what
I understand, everything the Lord is
showing me is coming to pass with great
anti-rhetoric
against the
government. And it's bad.
But the Lord said this is just the
beginning; it would start to increase.
So you can stop it.
So as we see these events taking place,
this is what the Lord is warning us. And
as I was watching out of Germany, I saw
another in the days ahead, but I saw an
attempt on Benjamin's
life—major—I
have to be careful how I say
this—plots
and plans. That's a good way to
say. 'Hey, mute your side, Braden. I
don't want to hear me
talking.'I
saw major plots and plans to take
down Israel's government
in the days ahead. And the Lord said,
'Pray for the peace over this area
because it's tried to bring
instability.'And
so as I was praying over Israel's
government and them making the right
choices because of all the anti-Semitism
that will rise up in the days ahead, when
you see the week of the 20th, that week
of—what
is it, the main
event?
It's one of the major events in
the UN on the 22nd, 23rd, 24th,
25th, its high week or whatever
they call it. They're going to make some
big decisions. And so, the Lord
said, 'Pray over that.'So, then
as I was praying into that, I saw
them practicing demonic
witchcraft. They were sacrificing a
human. I actually saw a human. It was
demonic. Everything I was seeing was
demonic of what they were doing to
conjure up through human sacrifice a
Hitler spirit to come over Europe. And
then I saw war break out in a greater
measure.
Oh, thank you, Holy Spirit. I
saw Italy
divided. I'm talking about a major
earthquake hits Italy. And as it hits
Italy, it strikes the Vatican.
And the walls of the
Vatican—there's
walls in the Vatican that get massive
cracks.
Massive cracks are going to
split the foundation of the Vatican
in the days ahead.
And this is symbolic for what's about to
take place for a major outpouring of the
Spirit of God on the Catholic people,
for a great shaking is coming to the
Vatican.
And I saw the very foundation and
buildings in that area
where they have all
their buildings there and
where the Pope lives. I saw it being
shaken to the point where there
were
cracks in the buildings and they had to
vacate because it was not safe to be in
them.
They were uninhabitable
in certain buildings in the Vatican
because of the old structure. They're
old buildings. And when it happens, I
saw splits in the foundation and in the
walls that were big. And the Lord
told
me it was symbolic, similar to when
Jesus died and the curtain was rent.
You know how it rent;
it was ripped from top to bottom. And
that's what I'm trying to tell you.
There's a great shaking that's going to
take place in the Vatican in the days
ahead with a major earthquake, and it
will be symbolic of a new movement that
will come upon the Catholic people, and a
major outpouring of the Spirit of God
will show up in this
generation like we've never seen before,
and revival will hit the Catholic
Church.
That's what I saw. And the Lord told me,
he said, 'I'm going to visit the
Catholic people, Braden. There's going
to be a major revival in the Catholic
Church.
There's going to be
some doctrine issues
that
are
going to be set straight.
Some cleansing of the
house.'And
the Lord showed me this.
I don't know how long the revival lasts,
you all, but I'm telling you, it's
coming.
A great, great harvest of souls around
this world. And there's 1.4 billion
Catholics throughout the whole world.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, they're one
of the—it's the major hub of religion
of what represents Christianity
around the world. And in
this, I will visit the Catholic people
with a major move of my spirit upon the
Catholic Church,
and people are going to get radically
born again. They're going to get
radically transformed by the Spirit of
God.
You're going to see it—it's
glorious.'But
I saw a shaking
coming to Italy, and it was almost like
it was divided. It was such a great
shaking. And I don't know if that's
symbolically or an actual earthquake,
but I'm telling you, I saw the Vatican
have massive cracks in the walls, so
much so that they didn't feel safe to be
in those rooms anymore and they had to
evacuate.
So I saw a lot. Then the Lord showed me
a
major—I'll
be careful with this. I am not a
financial adviser.
I'm not a financial adviser. I tell
you what I see when I pray, and this is
not financial advice. I'm not telling
you to invest in or do anything with.
I'm just trying to tell you I've seen
something coming. And this is me just
being a watchman. You do what you want
to do with what I've been told.
But I'm not telling you to invest or
not to invest. I'm telling you what I've
seen. Okay? You pray about it
yourself. That's what it is—it's a call
to prayer. It's not a call to tell you
to do anything. But I saw, and I'm just
going to be careful how I say it because
I have so many people watching me. I
saw in the days ahead a new Michael
Saylor
coming on for a certain
cryptocurrency,
sponsoring it, and being a
mouthpiece
to a certain cryptocurrency in the days
ahead like a Michael Saylor was to
Bitcoin.
And this will
be—if
I say it, I won't say how I saw it
happening. What do you think?
Because I won't give
all of it, but I'll give a piece.
Okay. This man is in the Hamptons.
I saw the Hamptons and the Lord spoke to
me specifically about this man, and he is
a tech guy. This man will become more
of—it's
almost like a Mark Cuban,
how he does
tech—and
he will radically sponsor
Solana.
He will radically sponsor Solana
is
what I saw him do, and he will be a
mouthpiece
like Michael Saylor was to
Bitcoin, and this person will rise up in
the days ahead and really say a lot
about
Solana,
and I don't know why he picked
that one. I don't understand it. I'm
just telling you what I saw. I saw this
man really coming out like a Michael
Saylor
concerning Solana,
and like I
said, I'm not going to go into the rest
of it, but I saw strategic things of
investment and things that were attached
to this with certain companies,
and I saw the price
target. I saw it all. The Lord showed me
what was coming, and I'm telling
you this man will become a major
mouthpiece
and he's in the Hampton area. He has a
house in the Hamptons as the Lord showed
me, because I saw it was
very detailed, everything the Lord showed
me concerning this.
I saw a certain cryptocurrency
that will be used
for a two-layer protection concerning—it's
a two-layer
protection. One layer
was spiky, the other layer was a backup
layer for AI hacking.
It was a way to be like, you know,
how McAfee was like, you know, you download
this on your computer and it protects
you from having antivirus, all
this from hackers or whatever, it
tries to protect you. Well, this
certain
cryptocurrency would be a buddy to
others and it was a
two-layer
protection.
And it was not able to be
penetrated for banks to use it for a
way of protecting their
clients'information.
There are very embarrassing moments that
are coming to banks in the days ahead.
Major banks. I will not name the banks
because then they'll say you're trying
to defraud us. I'm not. But there
were
major banks, four in particular, that
will have cyber breaches that will be
very embarrassing to them, leaking
clients'information
and
stealing money out of accounts by fraud
on a deep
level.
And they'll try to cover it up
because it's very embarrassing because
they breached their wall. And the Lord
said they will use in the days ahead,
they will use AI to do this.
It will be a form of another level of
what we're about to see. The Lord said,
'of a beast system. This is no longer
safe.'So
we need this, and we need this
to protect us. So they use these certain
cryptos. It's the technology—the Lord
always said to me, he said, 'Brandon, follow
their function.
Follow the function.
If they have a function and they provide
a service, follow it.
Educate yourself.'He said, 'Do not become
dumb when it comes to things. Educate
yourself. What does this function have
to do to protect or provide a
service for
that?'And
it's two walls
of layer of protection that are
impenetrable.
So that's what the Lord was showing me,
and he said embarrassing moments are
coming:
cyber breaches
concerning personal data,
and it will be in the news
concerning social security numbers,
bank account information, and private
information concerning four major banks, one in
particular that will be very
pronounced in the news, and it will be
embarrassing for
them.
So they'll have a
problem and then they'll have a solution
coming,
and the solution is an opportunity to
become wealthy.
So I've said enough.
But I tell you these things because I
get this stuff by the spirit of God. And
He tells me to pray for it, and He warns
me. He said, 'Nothing is done in this
earth until He reveals it to the
prophetic voices first.'And I've warned
you. I don't believe I'm a prophetic
voice; I'm a watchman. I'll say it and
say it a thousand times. I believe what
our job is to do on this platform is to
pray.
I know there's a lot of other people
that call themselves prophet
so-and-so
and prophet this and that. Folks,
that's not Brandon. I've never
been—I'm
not a self-appointed prophet.
I've never had an elder come on
and say, 'Brandon, I've called you, laid
hands on you. God's appointed you for
such a time as this to be a prophetic
voice to the nations.'And I don't want
to be self-proclaimed. The Lord
told me, 'You go on and pray.'And every
one of us are called to pray.
And I feel that the Lord has given me
these visions to warn the people of
what's coming to pray and intercede for
the nations.
And so far, we see what the Lord is
showing us in the news before it
happens. And so I look for
fruit. If there's no
fruit, you're flaky. Sit down and shut
up, you know. But everybody's called
to pray. But I don't want to be a person
that's a distraction in any area,
especially on YouTube. There's too much
static. There's too much. Everybody's got
a word; everybody's got something to say.
My word of what I want to tell you is,
let's pray. If I bring something to you
and it witnesses with you of what the
Lord is telling me, that we're being
propelled into another stratosphere of the
end times in
these
last seconds. I hear
all kinds of people have said to me,
'Brandon, you are such a false prophet,'and all this
stuff, and I'm like, I never claimed to
be a prophet. All I come to believe is,
I'm going to tell you all, is I'm called
to pray. If you want to pray with me,
fine. I love to pray with y'all. But
either way, I'm going to pray on my own,
and I'll get these, and I'll put it down,
and whenever you see me in the
Hamptons and I'm witnessing to the
people up there, then don't get mad
at me. But either way, I'm going to
do what God's called me to
do. And I know that He's called me to
witness to the rich and to tell
them they need to repent and get their
hearts
right before God before it's too
late.
They won't listen to somebody who is
broke. Do you understand? And God is
reaching out to everybody. And I
believe with all my heart He's raising
up people that have influence
with
finances
to say, 'Listen,
God has a way for you to get born again.
And you need to repent
regardless.'He's
called to the rich and He's called to
the poor. He's called to the middle
class, but He's called to everybody to
get them born again because He said, 'I
don't want any man to perish, but all
come to
repentance.'And
there's a lot of people who get ticked
off about that. But to
me, I'm just a person on YouTube
that prays.
And if you want to pray with me, fine.
If you don't, fine. But I'm just telling
you what's coming
and what I feel the Lord has told me.
But
I feel the anointing of the Holy Spirit
right now. That's why I go—isn't that
interesting? But just on things
like this, I feel His presence so dear,
so strong tonight again as I've been
praying over the finances
in particular, Wednesday.
Wednesday, the Lord spoke to me
specifically. He said, "Wednesday is a
big day. Pray.
Wednesday of this week is a big
day."He
told me that when I was driving out. I
was praying in the spirit, and he said
Wednesday. And
in less than 48 hours will be the
beginning of the wave.
You'll see this. Pray over this. Pray
into this.
This is Satan's wheelhouse.
Do you understand?
He is the god over this world of
finances,
concerning finances,
and he's able to manipulate, and he does
his little puppet games. So we
don't let up off the gas when you see
any kind of breakthrough. You keep
making it a greasy spot.
You keep hitting it until it becomes a
greasy spot in the spirit realm. You go,
"Well, we got a little victory, brother.
I'm going to let up off the
rope."No,
you're foolish. Keep hitting it until
it's a greasy spot.
I never, at the first sign of
victory of anything when it comes to any
breakthrough in my life, do I give up and
go, "Well, it's time to let go. We won.
Hallelujah!"I
don't do that ever. You
keep hitting it until it doesn't exist
anymore
and another level—you know what I'm
saying? You know you got the victory.
And so I want you to believe bigger.
Believe bigger in these last days.
Believe for bigger. God wants to show up
and show off in your life. As I saw
Trump declare that he will stand with
Israel, I saw a window of opportunity
that the Lord said, "I'm breathing on
the Abrahamic covenant like this
generation has never seen
before."I'm
breathing on the Abrahamic covenant,
Brandon, and you will see great blessing
on those that bless him versus those
that curse him. And he said, "Remember
what I told you: five levels of
shaking."Not
all people will experience the
same shaking. Some, it will be
politics,.
Some will be in the earth with the crust,
the shaking of the earth. Finances
shaking—with
finances like with Canada
and the things I've seen concerning
Canada, shaking of the finances. Shaking
in the
church—Italy,
the Vatican, all that thing.
Shaking of the church, shaking in the
land, shaking in the heavens. But
altogether
a fivefold shaking,
five major shakings will take place all
at the same time. As labor pains upon a
woman, so will it be
when the Son
of Man returns. So we are seeing
that manifest, and the time
of the point of no return, I believe, is
coming in the next couple of days, in the
next couple of weeks,
when we get to Rosh
Hashanah.
Pay
attention to this time frame. Pay
attention to the Feast of Trumpets. Pay
attention to it. I'm telling you, this is
something significant in the spirit
realm. And that's when I saw fire on the
days after. Fire—those days on a calendar
became lit up with fire and they started
burning, and I saw trouble coming to
America. And that's when I heard the
angels—remember
when I told you
I heard there's decisions, anti-Semitism,
we see all this stuff. But that's when
the Lord said, "Brandon, you're going to
see blessing upon Donald Trump's
thinking. You're going to see blessing on
Donald Trump's thinking.
You have a window of
opportunity."He
keeps talking about, "For a harvest,
you have a window of
opportunity."How
does that line up with everything? I
told everybody. Do you understand? You
can see good and bad at the
same time with where we are in the end
times. A rising up of anti-Semitism, a
rising up of war. You can see rumors of
wars. You can see all—you can see the
glorious church. You can see the people
running to Jesus with what happened this
last week with this tragic event. People
are going to church, but you have
craziness happening and the glory
happening at the exact same time. And
people go, "Well, how are we going to
see this, Brandon? That doesn't make any
sense."Well,
nothing ever makes sense
in the spirit realm. I'm telling you, if
you're thinking natural, the natural
man perceiveth not the things of God.
The Bible already told us that the
natural man's not going to perceive it.
You can't be thinking in the natural.
You have to be thinking
spirit-minded.
I'm led by my spirit, not led by my
flesh.
I refuse to be a fleshy person. I
want to be a spirit person, led by the
Holy Ghost concerning everything. So, as
the days get darker, the church is going
to get brighter.
The true church, the true ekklesia, the
true body of believers, the true church
that has a backbone like a crowbar that
says, "Satan, thus far, no further. You are
not going to do
this."The
Erica's rising up and saying, "I'm
taking my husband's legacy and I'm going
to make his name great in this earth
with Jesus, right? I'm not going to let
it die."Not making his name great again,
but making Jesus's name great because of
what her husband said.
I reframe that, okay? Forgive me. But
I'm saying making Jesus's name great
through their ministry. It's not making
man's name
great in every area. So, like I
said, backtrack that. But just saying
God is about to show up and show off in
people's lives that just say yes, that
just say yes, "Here am I."And that's why
you're going
to see darkness. You're going to see
shaking. You're going to see a virus
that's about to come on the scene
in about a year or so
ahead, two years from now. You'll see a
virus come on the scene. You're going to
see all these major shakings because we
are in the end of the end. And what did
he say was going to happen? There'll be
wars. There'll be rumors of wars.
There'll be plagues. There'll be
pestilence. There'll be famine. There'll
be all these things. For this is the
beginning of sorrows.
But the time is not yet. It's not yet.
But the gospel must be preached to all
the nations as a witness, and then the
end will come.
And I'm telling you, North Korea and a
lot of people in China and in
Asia, the Lord said, "I have not
forgotten
you."That's
what he said to me. "I have not
forgotten them."There'll be a major
harvest in North Korea. There'll be a
major harvest in Asia all around because
those people feel that they have been
forgotten.
"What about us?"And the Lord said, "Brandon, a
major harvest of souls is coming, and the
Iron Curtain is coming down in North
Korea, and I will deal with Kim. I will
deal with his sister, and I will deal
with this, and it will be a window of
opportunity for the church to bring in
the harvest.
It won't last forever. It won't be a big
window, but it will be a
window."Nevertheless,
I want you to
believe big with me, to believe God for
this harvest of souls. Do you
understand? The Lord doesn't want any of
these people to go to hell.
Just as much as you love your child, he
loves them, too. He loves them even with
a
greater love than what you ever can
imagine. You didn't die for your child
by choice, by saying, "Whip me,
beat me, hang me, do all these things
with my arms."He did it all because he
loved you. He died on that cross for
every single one of us. For God so loved
the world that he gave. He gave
it freely. "I give you my son. I give you
the
opportunity,"because
without Jesus, none of us would have had
the opportunity. We are saved by grace
through faith. And thank God he died for
every single one of us, or we would all
be facing hell.
Thank God for Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus, for coming and dying for
me.
He paid the ultimate price for you to
walk in victory in your life. And as we
see the days approaching, they're
getting darker. As labor pains upon a
woman, they're getting darker and
darker, and we see it. Look at the lady
there, what she said just a couple
of
minutes ago when I played that video for
you. "We must have a two-state
solution."And
all the things she's
saying, I'm like, okay, I see what
you're saying, but we don't want
that. No, we don't want that. We want
peace.
We don't want to do that.
We want to bless Israel. I didn't say
bless the government. I'm not
always taking up for everything the
government always does. Well, you're
Mossad.
I've been told I'm
'miss whatever this is'. 'You're
Mossad.
You're this,'folks. Come on. Let the
elevator go to the top. I'm Brandon. I
sit behind a computer, and I pray, and
I tell y'all what Jesus tells me to tell
you. And I pray when we pray together.
I'm a guy that's just as normal, just as
you are, who has said yes.
I don't work for the CIA. I don't work
for any kind of intelligence agency
trying to cause propaganda in the
government, or—I've been told all
kinds of weird stuff. I just go, 'Come
on,
man.'Do
you understand? God speaks to his
people and he warns you what's to come.
There has had to be some kind
of—it's
not being special. It's just anybody who
spends time with him.
Do you understand? He loves every single
one of us the same, and he loves us
unconditionally, and he wants you to have
a good life.
So, that's what I really had for you.
I went a lot longer than probably
what I should have, but it's now
almost... And I just wanted to
encourage y'all first off about the
video ahead, the first video we played
tonight, that we're making an impact. I
believe in darkness
we're making an impact, that we're able
to change things through the power of
prayer.
And when the Lord reveals to us there's
attacks coming, and he warns us that there
are
major shakings in ten major
cities with ten major shakings in these
cities—that
these men might have been a
part of that,
I don't know. Their names were kind of
weird.
Didn't sound like they were American
names,
you know. It sounded like they were people
who infiltrated the border and came over
here illegally and have evil plans and
evil intentions against us, trying to
kill, steal, and destroy. Didn't sound
like they were like Bubba or
Jethro
or any of those names. Where were they
from? 'We're from the South.'No, they
didn't. I don't remember. It
sounded
like you could say it like you're
hawking a hot loogie or whatever it was.
I mean, it didn't sound like Jethro or
something like that. You know what I'm
saying? I mean, I just tried to be real
with y'all. Let's just be real.
So, I love you. Let's pray. You want to
pray a little bit? We'll pray over our
nation.
Probably—I
don't know why I say so.
I saw your eyes get big like, 'Oh my
god.'It
was Ahmad or whatever.
It wasn't like Bubba or
our cousin and them,
'What's
he doing out there, Bubba?'No, it's
like it's a Hamad or
Muhammad.
All right, let's go. Father, I just
thank you for your body that was broken
for us. How many people are even
watching this? Is that
quite a few? Okay. Well, let's just pray
together. All right. Father, I just
thank you, Lord, for your body that was
broken for us. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that we are just here to be a
vessel for you to work through. Just
being real, Lord. And we're
just people that are hungry, that are
just average Joes that say, 'Father,
here am I. Use me.'The blue-collar,
the white-collar,
working together to get
the job done because Jesus Christ is
coming. And it's all hands on deck.
Regardless if you're a burger flipper, or
a toilet washer, or a ditch digger,
or you're working on Wall
Street—every
single person, or a doctor, or a lawyer, I
don't know, whatever. I'm just saying
every person is called to do something
big for Jesus at the level of where you
are. No one's better than anybody else.
We're all just servants of the most high
God saying, 'God, here am I. Use me.
Here am I. Use me. I'm hungry. I'm
thirsty. And I want to see things
change.'Thank
you, Father. Father, for this
body. Thank you, Lord, that you've died
for me. Thank you, Lord, that I'm able
to even take communion and do this, that
it represents something in the spirit
realm because Jesus paid the price for
me to walk in victory. And I just want
to lift up this body before you, Father,
and just be real and say, 'Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you for dying for me.
Thank you, Lord, for saving me
so I don't have to go to a
devil's hell, and I've got a place in
eternity.'Father,
I thank you, Lord,
that you've got me a mansion that you're
making for me right now as I speak, and
you've got that place ready for me. And
the moment I leave this body, to be
absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord. Thank you, Lord, that I
don't have to go to hell. Thank you,
Lord, that I'm washed in your precious
blood tonight. We take this body in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we thank you for the blood, and we
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. And we apply the blood
of Jesus over every single one of us
tonight, over every one of them. Lord, we
plead the blood of Jesus. And we thank
you, Lord, for the blood that covers us.
Thank you, Lord, that we make much of
the blood and the blood makes much of us,
and every one of us. The blood never
loses its power. The blood covers us, and
washes us, and makes us cleansed in the
name of Jesus from all sin, all
sickness, all disease, everything. And
we give you all the glory, honor, and
praise for it in the name of Jesus. And
we pray over this time of prayer that we
are uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We cover this
house. We cover our minds. We cover us.
And we only hear and see what the spirit
of the Lord is telling us that we're
supposed to see in Jesus'name, not
messed with by any devils. Amen and
amen. Thank you, Lord.
We take the blood.
I got me—somebody blessed me with a
new head shaver thing, and I got a new
haircut. Ain't that neat? I'm already
bald, folks, but it cut the
sides really good. I really liked it.
They blessed me with it.
It's a little razor thing. I thought,
'Look at that.'If you get any closer
of a shave than that, you can
almost eat off that thing.
I don't like using a razor on my head
anyway because it snags and I cut my head,
so I don't like doing that. So, I
shave it down. But this man blessed me
with a thing. It went over my head,
and it cleaned it all up real good. I
was like, 'Hey, I like
that.'It's
shiny. If I got in the sunlight,
I'd
turn my head and it would blind you for a
little bit, and you're squinting.
You'd have
to put on some sunglasses. My little
girl said, 'I've never seen that before,
Daddy. You're really, really bald
now.'I
said, 'Yeah,
it's real. It's shiny under
those
lights. Look at that,
bing.'So,
all right. Well, let's pray, y'all.
Let's pray and let's seek God a little
bit before we end this, and see if he
has anything for us to pray, to show
us or whatever. I've already seen a lot
today. I mean, like I said, it was
the open-eyed vision through prayer this
afternoon showing me all the things
about crypto and all the things that
were coming. It lasted almost an hour and a
half,
but we took notes and everything. And if
the Lord releases me to say
anymore, I will. If not, I can't.
But there's a lot—there's a lot to
this and a lot that's coming concerning
the finances of the world,
concerning this new industrial
revolution with AI technology and a
great shaking with all these things
getting the beast system ready for all
of it. And a lot of people think it's
just normal life, and it's
not. It's not. The frog in the
pot is heating up, and it doesn't know
that it's being boiled.
It doesn't know it. It becomes
desensitized as we see the things
happening with this young man,
and people say, 'Is this the Great
Awakening?'It's
part of the fruit of
the
beginning of it, and everybody says,
'Well, this is going to cause a
major revival because of his
passing.'It
causes people to wake up, like it did
on
9/11. But the Lord told me, he said,
'No man is going to create revival by
holding a revival service. It is
birthed through prayer.
It is birthed through prayer. Revival
comes with repentance.
Revival comes with prayer.
And many think, well, an assassination
is going to cause revival. Well, it
causes people to get upset and they'll
go back to church for a
little bit. But what's true revival is
true repentance
to turn away from your sins to fall on
your face before a holy God.
Revival is birthed in prayer. Every
single revival from Azusa to Pensacola
to that Welsh revival, they
were birthed out of prayer.
And the Lord said, "If you look at the
spots of where I told you these hot
spots of where I told you were going to
be revival springing forth in America,
they're all praying churches.
They're all praying people.
They're praying and they're seeking
Him.
If my people who are called by my name
will humble themselves and pray and turn
from their wicked ways, then they will
hear from heaven and I will heal their
land."Heal
their land with revival.
It's going to be a beautiful thing. But
they humbled themselves and prayed
first.
You will not cause the revival by
whatever you try to make it
happen. It will be a move of God that
moves from all around this world. And
you're going to see it and it's going to
happen through the most unlikely
people, not with the people who have an
ego thinking, "Well, I've been there and
I've done that and I've got the Holy
Ghost on me and he's
going to use me because I have a
platform."He
said, "I'm going to use the nobodies.
It won't be the people who have a huge
ministry. You're going to be so
shocked and in awe of what God's about to
do.
And it'll be the person who's just
working behind the counter at a
McDonald's
that just says, "God, here am
I."Because
he's not dealing with spiritual
pride and spiritual egos anymore.
"I'm so much because I've got so many
people."And
that's why the
Lord said, "Stay humble. Stay on the
back row. Keep yourself humble before me
so I can use you.
If you have to go pick up a turd at the
church if somebody has—I hate
to be crude but it's just being
real—go
out there and clean a commode if you get
too big of a head again. Don't forget
where you come from because I can't use you
if you get a big head again.
Keep yourself humble and don't ever look
at yourself as more haughty than anybody
else.
Regardless of how big your platform gets
or how big I use you on a day-to-day
basis, remember the janitor.
Remember the poo in the plastic
glove. Don't forget
it."And
I'm telling you, ladies and
gentlemen, this revival will be birthed
out of prayer.
And there's a great shaking and a
humbling coming to America.
There's too much ego, too much pride,
and God is shaking this land.
He will shake it to the very core. But
if you listen to him with all that's
about to take place, he said, "You can
ride the wave of finances to support my
gospel throughout this world if you just
listen to me in the days ahead.
But I will not yell my secrets to the
people anymore."So I tell you bits and
pieces of what I'm praying about.
So you pray about it, but I'm not
telling you how far it goes. And I'm not
telling you who the man is.
I just tell you bits and pieces.
Just enough to get you maybe to dip in
the river and to seek him. Not for his
provision, but just because it sparks
curiosity with the unbeliever.
This is the way the Lord uses fishbait.
It gets you to come and click because of
the title. But the main point of why
I'm on this channel is not for you to
come and hear about any of that other
stuff, it is to tell you that Jesus Christ
is coming and you're running out of
time. It's time to repent and it's time
to get right before a holy God.
True repentance means to turn before you
burn.
"God, I do not want any more of this. I
want all of you. I'm sold out for
you."And
it's so important that you all hear
this.
It's so important that you realize that
we're running out of time.
I pray for Europe.
I pray for the people of France and
Germany for what I've seen coming.
That's the swastika and the things and
the sacrifice and the witchcraft that
I
saw. And my goodness, folks,
there's so much darkness, and the very
darkness that they are trying to channel
to get, they're about to get, and they're
going to lose control over it.
You don't realize when you play with
fire, you get burned. And a lot of this
witchcraft and the occult that I saw,
where
they thought that they were
controlling it and they were friends
with the devil and they were conjuring
up these spirits and sacrificing life
and doing this thing to get a hold of
the spiritual what they thought they
were getting a hold of, they're going to
lose control over it and it's going to
bite them. And the Lord showed me the
church has to rise up and take our
dominion and authority like we've never
done before. Praying,
praying.
This is serious.
It's not seeker-friendly, church
as
usual.
I mean, church
unusual, not church usual. "Well, you
know, we just go to our
30-minute
service. We have our thing."I'm telling
you, I'm trying to wake you all up to
tell you there's major stuff about to
take place.
But the Lord highlighted Wednesday to me
this week.
The Lord highlighted in the next 48
hours to me. He highlighted and pray
over Wednesday. There's major decisions
that will be made on Wednesday. Major
decisions will be made on Wednesday.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for every
single person who's represented here
tonight.
I thank you, Father, for this great
nation.
And we thank you, Lord, that you just
use each and every single one of us,
Father, just the people that are just
your white-collar, blue-collar workers
that are just desperate for Jesus. And
we want a touch of a fresh fire. We want
to be used outside of anybody that has a
huge platform, a huge following. Father,
here are we. Just use us.
Thank you, Father, for you've called us
and you've chosen us for such
a time as this, that we'll be the new
Esthers
that will stand before the king and
say, "Listen,
there's a plot against your people.
There's a plot against the people. Will
you spare their
life?"Who's
plotting against you?
But it took somebody with a backbone
like a crowbar that stood before the
king and said there's a plot against the
people.
It wasn't popular. It wasn't
something that she wanted to do, but she
had the guts to do it.
God will use you if you get the guts to
do it and just say yes.
It's not going to be popular and it's
not going to be comfortable. Your flesh
is going to squirm.
This is not comfortable for me. Trust
me,
it's not something I want to do is speak
in front of thousands of people and tell
my personal business upon a camera on
a live feed throughout the whole world.
It's not something that I wanted to do.
In fact, I begged God not to do this for
over two years. I said,
"No."And
then one day, he came to me and he
said, "If you don't do this, you're
coming home
early."I
said, "Surely I'm not hearing you
correct."I
got confirmation from somebody else.
And I sat there and I said, "How fair is
that?"He
said, "Well, if you're not
going to do what I've called you to do
and you're not going to do
what I've commissioned you to do, then
you've finished your race. It's done.
You can come home
out of rebellion. You'll open the
door."I
said, "I am repenting
really quick."And so, I made my first
video and I put it on YouTube,
and the Lord has breathed upon this.
I thought if there's no fruit, I'm
turning it off. If nobody's going to
show up and watch me pray or
whatever, then forget it. He said, "I
want you to pray."I try to talk. He
said, "Pray."And I said, "Pray
for these people. Show them how to
pray."And
then I told my wife, I said, "It'll
be the death of the channel if we pray
on there. Nobody's going to want to hear
us praying in
tongues."And
the Lord said, "Do
it."So,
it's interesting to me. This whole
thing is so interesting.
So
thank you, Father,
that you use the foolish things of the
world to confound the wise. You use the
foolish things. You use the things that are
not,
but God! But God, but God!
No man can take the glory for it
but God.
Father, I thank You, Lord, right now.
I pray for every single one of my
brothers and sisters.
I lift them up before You, Father, that
You anoint them for such a time as this;
that they'll be the Esthers, they'll be the
Davids, they'll be the ones
that are the voice crying in the
darkness. They're the ones in the
wilderness crying and saying that
Jesus Christ is coming, and that You
anoint them and You appoint them for
such a time as this, Father, that they
would have that light on their
face like Moses. And when they come down
off the mountain, they have to wrap
their head in a towel because they say,
'The glory of the Lord is on you and
you're freaking me
out.'Thank
You, Father, that the glory of the
Lord rests upon our faces, upon our
countenance, that the
love and the light of God would shine on
us so strong out of our
eyes, out of the pores of our face,
that people would say, 'There's
something different about
you.'In
the darkest hour,
where the world is going to get darker
and darker and the church is going to
get brighter and brighter, Father, I
thank You, Lord, that that light would
shine upon our faces and that people
would see it and say, 'What's different
about you? What is that? What is that
light? What is that glory? What is that
presence? I feel something.
What is that?'And you say, 'It's Jesus.
It's God. It's the Lord. He's
shining on me. He's trying to pull
you in.'For no man comes to the Father
unless He draws him. Father, I thank
You, Lord, that You said, 'If I be
lifted up, I'll draw all men unto
You.'We
lift You up, Lord, and we attract to
deflect.
We do everything that You've told us to
do because You will not share the glory
with one of us.
Father,
we will be like popcorn in
a pan, and we will pop and pop and pop
and pop throughout this nation. It
will not be something that is religious
or
organized, but it will be
a wave of the presence of God,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force, with the
greatest move of the presence of God
that
this world has ever seen. And it
will be the wave of the glory that we've
been anticipating. And all will come to
repentance because of Jesus,
and the saving knowledge of the Word
will go throughout the whole world, and
then the end will come.
We believe, Father, that You've called
us into the Kingdom for such a time as
this. I thank You, Father, for using us.
I thank You, Lord, that this is the time
You've chosen us, and that the fire
of God would rest upon our faces. Our
pastors, the prophets,
the
evangelists, the teachers, and
the apostles will rise up in the name
of Jesus and in the most unlikely
places. And Father, I thank You, Lord,
that You're breathing on each one
of us. You're breathing on us with a
fresh anointing, breathing on us with
a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost,
breathing on us with a fresh presence
of the fire of God. In the midst of
chaos, in the midst of turmoil, Father,
we can speak and call those things that
be not as though they were. And we say, 'Peace, be
still. Peace, be
still.'For
there are more with us
than there are with them. For You told
me You were sending Your holy angels and
a wave of the presence of God
like we've never seen—a breaking point.
You said, 'We're at that breaking
point.'We're
here, and the anointing of the Holy
Spirit will rest upon us like You did
Your disciples, Father,
that when we walk by and our shadow
touches people, they will get healed.
Father, when we lay hands on the
sick, their arms will grow out. When
we lay hands on the
blind
eyes, they'll open up. When we lay
hands on the ears, they'll pop open.
Father, when we speak to the
dead, they'll get up.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for we have
been called to the Kingdom. We have been
called to the Kingdom for such a time as
this, and we give You glory, honor, and
praise. And I thank You, Father, that we
are just those vessels that say, 'Yes.
Yes, Lord. Here am I; use me. Here am I,
Lord; use me.'Take that coal
from the
altar
and put it on our lips, Lord,
and burn out all the uncleanness of us,
Lord. Take that coal and put it on our
lips, Lord, and we speak fire. We
speak the fire. We will decree and
declare that Jesus Christ is coming, and
He's coming back. Even our sons and
our daughters, even the
five-year-olds,
they'll proclaim, 'Jesus is
coming,'and
have great boldness in their
schools.
Thank You, Lord, that You'll call and
You'll use even the babes.
Oh Lord, we praise You.
Oh Lord, we give You praise and glory
for all that You've done and all that
You continue to do. And we give You
honor and we give You glory. Father,
I thank You, Lord, for calling us. I
thank You, Lord, for appointing us for
such a time as this, that we have that
boldness to tell the people, that we
don't shrink back, but we'll rise up
like lions.
We'll rise up like the lions that we
need to be, Father, and not be limp-wristed
and
weak.
Thank You, Father. We give You praise
and glory for it in the mighty name of
Jesus. Thank You, Lord, for healings,
demonstrations, and manifestations of the
glory on every single person who's
watching this right now. You may have a
sickness in your body. You may have a
death sentence from the doctor. But I
believe there's an expiration date to
everything you've been believing for.
And I believe, Father, that tonight's
the expiration date for what they're
believing for. Tonight, I call them
healed, whole, and well in the mighty
name of Jesus. We call them delivered.
We call their marriages restored.
Father, their marriages might be on the
verge of divorce. They might even
have the papers filled out and
already been served divorce papers. But
we believe, Father, that there's a
turnaround, that You're
the God of restoration.
And what the devil meant for bad, You'll
turn it around for good. We believe that
love can be rekindled. We believe
love can be reflamed,
that
that old flame be fanned and become
greater again.
We believe, Father, that the children
who
are wayward are coming home. We call
wayward
children home right now in the
name of Jesus. Father,
we call all sex trafficking to be
found and brought to
justice—every
pedophile, every person who's doing
sex slave trades. Father, we thank You,
Lord, that there's an exposing of this
darkness in the name of Jesus. And I
thank You, Lord, that all hidden things be
revealed, even when it comes to the
Epstein files.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're
bringing light into the darkness and
You're exposing darkness, and
righteousness and truth will prevail.
You're uncovering
like a light, and the cockroaches
may be running everywhere, but Raid's
going to get them. Holy Ghost Raid's
going to get them! And Father, there
is
judgment.
Seedtime
and harvest, seedtime and
harvest. Father,
seedtime
and harvest are
going to accelerate. And whatever a man
sows,
that will he also reap. We believe,
Father, that there's an exposing of
darkness in the name of Jesus—in these
places of government, in these places of
celebrities, and all this, Father. The
darkness, Father, is going to come to an
exposing of darkness in
Jesus'name.
Father, we praise You, Father, for
bringing peace to the people's hearts,
bringing peace and joy back into the
homes in America, Father, for the
families, the
biblical, blood-washed, born-again Christian
homes. They will have joy,
joy with peace, and they will have love, and
they will be known by their love. They are
known by their love. Father, we will be
known by how we love one another. We'll
be known by how we love one another.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
love is king in our household. For
God is
love,
and
love is shed abroad in our
heart by the Holy Ghost. We believe that
foundation of love
is in our homes. Father,
we
ooze love when we go to these places and
they say, 'You know, you're not
judgmental. You're not mean.
You've never one time
beat me in the head with the Bible. All
you do is show me love and you're trying
to tell me that I need to
repent.'Love
tells people they need to repent.
Love tells
people—you
don't have to be mean to folks, but
you just tell them the truth in love.
You tell the people the truth in love.
I believe it's 2 Corinthians 13,
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Might be 1 Corinthians 13.
Father, I thank you,
Lord. Love is patient, love is kind.
We're kind, and we show love today,
Father, in the name of Jesus. We pray
for revival in our
churches. Thank you, Lord, for
the
baptism of
Holy Ghost and fire, and we
give you all the praise and glory as
they start their day, as they finish
their day, wherever they are right now,
all around the world. We thank you,
Father. There are so
many people watching even in Australia
right now. There are so many people
watching in New Zealand and
all over the place. They're starting
their day, getting their stuff
going there. I thank you, Father,
for the glory of the Lord on these
people today
for business deals. Father, I pray for
everything they put their hands to, that it will
prosper. Father, I thank you, Lord, for
creative ideas to get wealth,
that they're blessed in the city
and the field, they're blessed coming in
and they're blessed going out.
Whatever they touch, they're
blessed. Father, that they'll not
struggle or lack any good thing. Father,
I thank you, Lord, that
we have more than enough. We have
overflow in our accounts. Our bank
accounts are overflowing
in Jesus'name.
You are the God that has the cattle
on a thousand hills. I believe,
Father, that you don't even
have to cash in one of your cows. You
don't have to go up there and go, 'Well,
Jesus, we got to get rid of
10,000 of them because he needs so much
money.'Father,
you have
the bountiful, surplus supply that
never runs out. You don't even have to
cash in one of the bricks of your
street, Lord. One of your big
bricks, and say, 'I got to cash in
one of those bricks, Jesus.'Nope,
God is
never without. He has an
abundant supply. I believe that
we are joint heirs with Jesus
Christ. And as He is, so are we in this
world. And Father, I thank you. And all
the people of the earth, according to
Deuteronomy,
shall see that you are called
by the name of the
Lord, and they shall be afraid of us.
And the Lord shall make you have a
surplus
of prosperity through the
fruit of your body,
of your livestock, and of your ground in
the
land which the Lord swore to your
fathers to give you. And the Lord shall
open to you His good treasures,
the heavens, to give
the rain of your land in its season, and
to bless all the work of your hands. And
you shall lend unto many nations, and
you shall not borrow.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for
Deuteronomy 28, that we live in
that blessing, that we don't
have to live paycheck to paycheck,
barely getting by. But Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you said, 'Give, and it
shall be given unto us: good measure,
pressed down, shaken together, and
running over will men give unto our
bosom.'So
Father, we give you praise
and glory and honor for that in the
mighty name of Jesus as we close this.
And we thank you for this time of
prayer. Amen and amen. Well,
I just wanted to tell you we love you. I
came on today and I wanted to share that
little bit of stuff with you. I know I
didn't pray as much as what I probably
should have, but we'll pray more
tomorrow. But when we're seeing the
stuff come about in the news,
it's exciting. So, I didn't
want to skip a video. I could have just
skipped, but I didn't want to. We love
you. If you could, do me a
favor, please subscribe. If you're new
here and you've never been to
one of our videos, we pray here. And
this is what we're believing
for:
a million men and women prayer army. And
I believe it's well on its way,
but we need a lot more to get there. And
so if you could stick around,
subscribe, click that
notification bell, click the like
button, comment something nice down
below after this is over, because this
will be going out live into the
archive and we'll have no comments.
So, if you could comment on that to help
boost that in the algorithm, it really
would bless us. We never
want to be a burden to anybody. We
want to be a blessing to people. And
when you come here, I hope you get
something that you walk away with,
with your cup running over, that you've
drank from the well of the river of the
living water, and that God is doing
something here on this channel that is
imparting life into you as you're able
to go from glory to glory. I pray
that you're getting something here. I
truly do. We love you all. We really do.
And if anybody is ever asking
you for anything in the comments or
down below saying it's us, we do not ask
for anything. We have things on there to
say if you want to bless our family,
because
people have asked us. If you want to,
fine; if not, that's great. You all just
come here and pray. We're excited that
you come. But I want you to know we'll
never ask you for anything. The people
down below are
scammers. These people are
ruthless. You need to know they've come
to steal your money. So, if they're
in the comment section and
they're commenting something to you and
they're saying, 'I want you to send me
your crypto,'or 'I want you to send me
your jewelry,'like this one lady
said—this
guy asked her for all her jewelry.
Folks, don't fall for that. We're never
going to ask you for your jewelry, never
going to ask you for your crypto. That's
craziness. These people are nuts.
And it doesn't even line up
with my name, for one. It's Last
Days and they have gibberish beside it.
I'm Last Days 24/7. I'm not all the
gibberish and all the stuff they try to
put by their name, trying to tell you
that they're me, and they copy my
picture. Most of my day was
spent
putting out fires of people copying my
stuff, saying that I'm saying the
rapture is coming on the 23rd. I don't
believe the rapture is coming on the
23rd. I just want to let you know that. And
there are
a lot of people thinking
that I do. I do not believe that, and
they're saying I do and I'm not. So,
I've
got
to put down the fires, say, 'Listen,
hey, hold
on.'The
bigger the channel
gets, the more the scammers
come out. So, I just go, 'Okay.'But all
glory to Jesus. We're so excited to have
that problem. But thank you for
liking, thank you for subscribing, thank you
for supporting us. We always close the
broadcast, and we'll see you again
tomorrow by telling you to put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you
again. Bye-bye.